The Truth About Learning Memory Capacity 1 Knowledge is indeed
composed of information much like how a house is made
of bricks However just as a pile of bricks doesn't
automatically become a house merely presenting information doesn't directly for-
m
knowledge 2 The brain operates as a prediction system based
on memory akin to a Bayesian inference engine 3 The
lower the memory reserve the less information available for prediction
4 For the human brain the essence of memory lies
in the connections between information Information that isn't linked cannot
be considered part of memory 5 Adequate repetition within a
short timeframe is crucial while unnecessary associations should be minimized
6 The most effective way to improve memory is through
continually expanding one's knowledge base 7 Within the cerebral cortex
everything functions as a network The larger the knowledge network
the more nodes it encompasses 8 The more you learn
the better and easier it becomes to learn 9 The
more you remember the better and easier it becomes to
remember 10 Learning makes individuals smarter